README.md, before:

> *"In God we trust. All others must bring data."* – W. Edwards Deming

---

# Hi 👋, I'm James Anderson
I'm an **Informatics Engineering** student at **Tarumanagara University**.  
I'm a data enthusiast passionate about turning raw data into actionable insights. I specialize in end-to-end analytics from data extraction to visualization.

## Project Repositories:
- [Data Analytics Projects](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Analyst-Projects)
- [Data Science Projects](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Science-Projects)

---

## Featured Projects
Here are a few highlights:

- **Chocolate Sales Analysis**  
  Built ETL pipeline in PostgreSQL and Power BI dashboard analyzing sales across products, regions, and sales teams. Identified top product and revealed seasonal sales patterns with actionable optimization strategies.  
  [View Project](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Analyst-Projects/tree/main/chocolate-sales-analysis)

- **E-Commerce Customer Satisfaction Analysis**  
  Performed root cause analysis on customer satisfaction drivers using 100K+ orders for Brazilian e-commerce platform.  
  [View Project](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Analyst-Projects/tree/main/ecommerce-customer-satisfaction)

- **Credit Risk Analysis**  
  Analyzed 1M+ loan records from Lending Club to identify default patterns across borrower profiles. Built interactive Excel dashboard with Power Query, featuring risk segmentation and 12-month default rate projection.  
  [View Project](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Analyst-Projects/tree/main/credit-risk-analysis)

---

## Tools
<p>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/numpy/numpy-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/sql.png" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/microsoft-excel-2019--v1.png" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/power-bi.png" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/tableau-software.png" width="40"/>
</p>

---

## Connect with me

[![LinkedIn](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesandrn)
[![Gmail](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail)](mailto:jamesandrn@gmail.com)
[![Instagram](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=instagram)](https://www.instagram.com/jamesadrn)

Commit message:

Fix typos and update project links in README

README.md, after:

> *"In God we trust. All others must bring data."* – W. Edwards Deming

---

# Hi 👋, I'm James Anderson

I'm an **Informatics Engineering** student at **Tarumanagara University**.  
I'm a data enthusiast passionate about turning raw data into actionable insights. I specialize in end-to-end analytics from data extraction to visualization.

## Project Repositories:
- [Data Analytics Projects](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Analytics-Projects)
- [Data Science Projects](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Science-Projects)

---

## Featured Projects

Here are a few highlights:

- **Chocolate Sales Analysis**  
  Built ETL pipeline in PostgreSQL and Power BI dashboard analyzing sales across products, regions, and sales teams. Identified top product and revealed seasonal sales patterns with actionable optimization strategies.  
  [View Project](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Analyst-Projects/tree/main/chocolate-sales-analysis)

- **E-Commerce Customer Satisfaction Analysis**  
  Performed root cause analysis on customer satisfaction drivers using 100K+ orders for Brazilian e-commerce platform.  
  [View Project](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Analyst-Projects/tree/main/ecommerce-customer-satisfaction)

- **Credit Risk Analysis**  
  Analyzed 1M+ loan records from Lending Club to identify default patterns across borrower profiles. Built interactive Excel dashboard with Power Query, featuring risk segmentation and 12-month default rate projection.  
  [View Project](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Analyst-Projects/tree/main/credit-risk-analysis)

- **Performance Analysis on Data Analytics Course Campaign**  
  End-to-end campaign analysis from raw data processing to interactive dashboard. Analyzed 2,244 ads with 10M+ impressions, achieving 658% ROAS with $10.79M margin on $1.93M spend.  
  [View Project](https://github.com/jamesadrn/Data-Analyst-Projects/tree/main/performance-analysis-data-analytics-campaign) | [Live Dashboard](https://public.tableau.com/views/PerformanceAnalysisonDataAnalyticsCourseCampaign/Dashboard?:language=en-US&:sid=&:redirect=auth&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)

---

## Tools

<p>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/numpy/numpy-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/sql.png" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/microsoft-excel-2019--v1.png" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/power-bi.png" width="40"/>
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/tableau-software.png" width="40"/>
</p>

---

## Connect with me

[![LinkedIn](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesandrn)
[![Gmail](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail)](mailto:jamesandrn@gmail.com)
[![Instagram](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=instagram)](https://www.instagram.com/jamesadrn)
